Update work pools doc for flow and clarity (#15127)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/deploy/infrastructure-concepts/work-pools.mdx

    | Kubernetes                    | Execute flow runs within jobs scheduled on a Kubernetes cluster. Requires a Kubernetes cluster.                                |
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### View work pools

At any time, users can see and edit configured work pools in the Prefect UI.

To view work pools with the Prefect CLI, you can:

- List (`ls`) all available pools
- Inspect (`inspect`) the details of a single pool
- Preview (`preview`) scheduled work for a single pool

`prefect work-pool ls` lists all configured work pools for the server.

```bash
prefect work-pool ls
```

For example:

```bash
                               Work pools
┏━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
┃ Name       ┃    Type        ┃                                   ID ┃ Concurrency Limit ┃
┡━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
│ barbeque   │ docker         │ 72c0a101-b3e2-4448-b5f8-a8c5184abd17 │ None              │
│ k8s-pool   │ kubernetes     │ 7b6e3523-d35b-4882-84a7-7a107325bb3f │ None              │

> | my-pool    │ process        │ cd6ff9e8-bfd8-43be-9be3-69375f7a11cd │ None              │

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 │ my-pool    │ process        │ cd6ff9e8-bfd8-43be-9be3-69375f7a11cd │ None              │
```

│ 2022-02-25 23:… │ 7cb3ff96-606b-4d8c-8a33-4… │ curious-cat… │ 156edead-fe6a-4783-a618-21… │
│ 2022-02-25 22:… │ 3ea559fe-cb34-43b0-8090-1… │ primitive-f… │ 156edead-fe6a-4783-a618-21… │
│ 2022-02-25 21:… │ 96212e80-426d-4bf4-9c49-e… │ phenomenal-… │ 156edead-fe6a-4783-a618-21… │
└─────────────────┴────────────────────────────┴──────────────┴─────────────────────────────┘
                                   (**) denotes a late run
```

### Work pool status

Work pools have three statuses:

- `READY`: A work pool has at least one online worker sending heartbeats to the work pool.
- `NOT_READY`: A work pool has no online workers.
- `PAUSED`: You can place a work pool in a paused status manually or through an automation. When a paused work pool is unpaused, it is reassigned the 
appropriate status based on whether any workers are sending heartbeats.

### Pause and delete work pools

You can pause a work pool at any time to stop the delivery of work to workers. Workers will not receive any work when polling a paused pool.

To pause a work pool through the Prefect CLI, use the `prefect work-pool pause` command:

```bash
prefect work-pool pause 'test-pool'
```

> To resume a work pool through the Prefect CLI, use the `prefect work-pool resume` command with the work pool name.

Reviewer 2: might be worth a `<Note>` in this section to mention that pausing work pools does _not_ pause underlying deployments which may continue to get scheduled

To delete a work pool through the Prefect CLI, use the `prefect work-pool delete` command with the work pool name.

### Manage concurrency

Each work pool can optionally restrict concurrent runs of matching flows.

> For example, a work pool with a concurrency limit of 5 only releases new work if less than five matching runs are in a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a work pool with a concurrency limit of 5 only releases new work if fewer than five matching runs are in a 
```

`Running` or `Pending` state. If three runs are `Running` or `Pending`, polling the pool for work only results in two new runs—
even if there are many more available, to ensure that the concurrency limit is not exceeded.

When using the `prefect work-pool` Prefect CLI command to configure a work pool, the following subcommands set concurrency limits:

- `set-concurrency-limit`  sets a concurrency limit on a work pool
- `clear-concurrency-limit` clears any concurrency limits from a work pool

#### Base job template

> Each work pool has a base job template that controls the of the behavior of the worker executing flow runs from the work pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each work pool has a base job template that controls the behavior of the worker executing flow runs from the work pool.
```

The base job template acts as a contract defining the configuration passed to the worker for each flow run and the options available 
to deployment creators to customize worker behavior per deployment.

A base job template comprises a `job_configuration` section and a `variables` section.

The `variables` section defines the fields available that can be customized per deployment or flow run. The `variables` section follows the 
[OpenAPI specification](https://swagger.io/specification/), which allows work pool creators to place limits on provided values 

> (for example, type, minimum, maximum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for example, type, minimum, and maximum).
```

┡━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
│ barbeque   │ docker         │ 72c0a101-b3e2-4448-b5f8-a8c5184abd17 │ None              │
│ k8s-pool   │ kubernetes     │ 7b6e3523-d35b-4882-84a7-7a107325bb3f │ None              │

>  │ my-pool    │ process        │ cd6ff9e8-bfd8-43be-9be3-69375f7a11cd │ None              │

Reviewer 2: @discdiver just curious - why was this change needed?

Reviewer: It looked like that pipe character was different than all the others (my syntax highlighter had it in different color), so I just copied one of the other pipes for consistency.

Reviewer 2: ah i see what you mean, thanks

}
```

> Each work pool type is configured with a default base job template, which is a good place to get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each work pool type is configured with a default base job template, which is a good place to make initial modifications. 
```

> The default base template defines values that pass to every flow run, but you can override on a per-deployment or per-flow run basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default base template defines values that pass to every flow run, but you can override them on a per-deployment or per-flow run basis.
```

> For example, you see these configuration options available in the Prefect UI for `process` work pool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, these configuration options are available in the Prefect UI for `process` work pool:
```

![process work pool configuration options](/3.0rc/img/ui/process-work-pool-config.png)

> The default base job template allow you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default base job template allows you to:
```

    See more information about [overriding a work pool's job variables](/3.0rc/deploy/infrastructure-concepts/customize).
</Tip>

### Work queues

> Work queues offer advanced control over how runs are executed. Each work pool has a "default" queue which is used if a specific work queue name is not specified. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work queues offer advanced control over how runs are executed. Each work pool has a "default" queue which is used if another  work queue name is not specified. 
```
